AI #1546: Adding Supported Features for New Metadata and Entities (#1540)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/supported_features/dataset_metadata.md

> # Dataset Metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Dataset Instance Metadata
```

## Description

> FOCUS supports the ability for data generators to provide metadata about the dataset instances that they provide. This includes information such as the name of the dataset instance, the FOCUS dataset that it aligns with, and an identifier for each dataset instance. This metadata can be used by consumers to understand the context of the data they are receiving, and to ensure that they are working with the correct dataset instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FOCUS supports the ability for data generators to provide metadata that describes information about the [*dataset artifacts*](#glossary:dataset-artifact) they provide. This includes properties such as the name of the [*dataset instance*](#glossary:dataset-instance), the unique identifier of the *dataset instance*, and the [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:focus-dataset) that it aligns with. This metadata can be used by consumers to understand the context of the data they are receiving, and to ensure that they are working with the correct dataset instance to execute their particular FinOps use cases.
```
